#labels Featured
*[http://code.google.com/p/valeo/downloads/list Download here]*

== Description ==
Put "picture of the day" in your Desktop wallpaper from [http://commons.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commons:Picture_of_the_day Wikimedia Commons].

Only installer the software, when operating system is started the wallpaper is imported automatically. It isn't necessary to execute daily.

== Motivation ==

Portuguese only:
Eu precisava de um software que fosse transparente ao usuário leigo, isto é, o usuário só precisaria instalá-lo nada mais e a atualização do papel de parede se atualizaria diariamente sem a necessidade de interferência do usuário.

Outra necessidade era a busca pela imagem. Se fosse buscada uma imagem aleatória pelo [http://images.google.com Google Images] iria aparecer muitos disparetes sem igual, se fosse ao [http://www.flickr.com Flickr] buscar por tags ou imagens aleatórias iria aparecer muitas imagens pessoais.

Então fui ao *Wikimedia Commons* pela imagem destacada do dia, imagem esta escolhida pela comunidade de usuários do Commons por votação e, quase nunca (99%), é uma imagem sem motivos para estar alí como imagem em destaque.

== Dependencies ==

  * Windows:
    * [http://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.5.1/python-2.5.1.msi Python 2.5]
    * [http://effbot.org/downloads/PIL-1.1.6.win32-py2.5.exe Python Imaging Library]
    * [http://downloads.sourceforge.net/pywin32/pywin32-210.win32-py2.5.exe Python Win32 API]

  * Others distribuitions:
    * Python 2.5
    * Debian / Ubuntu: *apt-get install python-imaging*
    * Red Hat / Fedora: *yum install python-imaging*
    * Gentoo: *emerge imaging*

== Instalation ==
  
  * Windows:
    # First install all dependencies,
    # and run "python setup_win32.py install"

  * Linux:
    # First install "Python Imaging Library",
    # and run: "python2.5 setup.py install"

== Uninstallation ==

  * Windows:
    # Delete CommonsPictureOfTheDay folder:  C:/Python2.5/site-packages/CommonsPictureOfTheDay
    # Delete Registry value: Start -> Run -> regedit -> HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run CommonsPictureOfTheDay

  * Linux:
    # Delete CommonsPictureOfTheDay folder

== Features ==

  # Very pretty images from [http://commons.wikimedia.org Wikimedia Commons].
  # Copyright credits inside image.
  # Easy installer.
  # Transparency executable.
  # Windows: Registry entry, automatic executable daily.
  # Linux: GConf entry, automatic executable daily.

== Todo ==
  * Nautilus startup

== Limitations ==
  * Windows not support SVG files

== Related softwares ==
  * [http://code.google.com/p/flickr-film-canistr/ Flickr Film Canistr] for Windows.
  * [http://wallpapoz.akbarhome.com/index.html Wallpapoz] for Linux based GNOME.

== License ==
"CommonsPictureOfTheDay" is distributed under the terms of the MIT license.

Parts of this software use:
  * "Python Wikipedia Bot" is also distributed under the terms of the MIT license.
  * "BeautifulSoup.py" is distributed under the terms of the PSF license.

